- ability to detect languages being used, automatically mount build/package caches to speed things up
- any time an agent is running in interactive mode, add a notice to the top of the TUI window to remind that you need to ctrl+c to exit
- ability to overlay CLAUDE.md etc onto a repo with no agent-specific settings (autogenerated from aspec)
- ability to scan repo and suggest an aspec for existing projects
- interview mode to create new work items
- transcript mode where you can give a Zoom transcript to create work items
- --worktree branch that creates Git Worktrees for implement
- MCP gateway that runs alongside launched containers, and MCP servers chosen by user also run in containers.
	- Gateway maintains a websocket with the aspec CLI, and exchanges HITL requests when agent containers want to access MCP servers
	- Each agent container is given an auth token which identifies which project it's a part of. HITL allow/deny is on a project-basis and aspec will keep track of what is "always allowed" per project.
- multiple virtualization options: Docker, OpenShell, Apple Containers (global or project config)
- Ability to create a machine-local "claws" folder where user can define one or more claw-like agents. Aspec uses Claude to configure NanoClaw to do stuff based on the claws defined in this local folder. Global singleton folder, aspec will ask where to create it and use that from then on. Maybe support OpenClaw or NemoClaw eventually.
- Optional global "skills" folder which can be loaded into agent container automatically. User-personal skills that don't belong in a specific project.
- split docs up, add getting started and workflow guide
- review init command, ensure it downloads aspec from GH, add basics like project name and type
- make the TUI scrollable
- add --plan flag to `implement` and `chat` subcommands to initiate agent in plan mode
- send a greeting to claude outside the container to refresh auth token
- automatic skills and subagents from spec
- multiple tabs within TUI
	- each tab includes an outer window and container window
	- each tab lets you choose which project it's attached to (aspec keeps track of where you've used it in global config)
	- ctrl + wasd to move between tabs and command box
	- typing a new command while a container is running in current tab automatically launches a new tab
	- detect when agent needs your input, put alarm bell in the tab title and a message ticker below the window